What are you going to do? What are you doing?
Can't you see this?
Are they giving me crap? Hand over all the money?
How much?
What are you doing? Who are you? Sweeping them away is a favor for me?
Guan! What I despise the most is virgins who bully women.
Brother, sweep it for me!
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhinging
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhinging
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhinging
It's getting late that day too
How about I send you back?
I'll be home soon
It looks good to both of us, right?
I made people angry
I'll take a bath first
I'll tell you after I get out